Mapping Role Collections to User Groups

Use this procedure to map role collections to user groups.

Prerequisites

• You've registered your subaccount from SAP BTP cockpit in Identity Authentication.
• You're the security administrator for the subaccount.

Procedure

Steps in the SAP BTP cockpit:

1. Navigate to your subaccount in SAP BTP cockpit.
2. Choose Security > Trust Configuration in the side menu.
3. Choose the name of the Identity Authentication identity provider from the list. The trust configurations details for the identity provider are displayed.
4. Choose Role Collection Mappings in the side menu. The list with the role collection mappings is displayed.
5. Choose New Role Collection Mapping .
6. Fill in the following fields in the Create Role Collection Mapping dialog box: Role Collection Select the role collection that you want to map. You can choose from all role collections that you’ve created. Attribute Enter Groups . Value Enter a value for the role collection, for example, BusinessUsers . This value is relevant for the user group name in the next steps.
7. Choose Save . The role collection mapping is created and added to the list.
8. Repeat the steps 5 to 7 for all role collections that need to be mapped.

Role Collection  Select the role collection that you want to map. You can choose from all role
collections that you’ve created.
Attribute        Enter Groups .
Value            Enter a value for the role collection, for example, BusinessUsers . This value is relevant for the user group name in the
next steps.

Steps in the administration console for Identity
Authentication:

1. Open the administration console for Identity Authentication.
2. Choose Users & Authorizations > User Groups in the side menu. The list with the user groups is displayed.
3. Choose +Add at the bottom of the screen to add a new user group.
4. Fill in the following fields in the user group details:
5. : Name Enter a name for the user group. Display name Enter a display name for the user group. Description Enter a description for the user group.

Note: Ensure that the name
of the user group is identical to the value that you entered
in the role collection mappings. The value ensures that the
user groups recognize the role collection from the SAP BTP
cockpit.

6. Choose Save .
7. Repeat the steps 11 to13 for all required user groups that need to be mapped. The role collections are mapped to the user groups.
8. To assign the user group with the mapping to a user, choose Users & Authorizations > User Management in the side menu. The list with the users is displayed.
9. Choose the user to which you want to assign a user group.
10. Choose the User Groups tab.
11. Choose Assign Groups at the bottom of the screen.
12. Select the user group that should be assigned in the dialog box.

Name          Enter a name for the user group. Note Ensure that the name
of the user group is identical to the value that you entered
in the role collection mappings. The value ensures that the
user groups recognize the role collection from the SAP BTP
cockpit.
Display name  Enter a display name for the user group.
Description   Enter a description for the user group.

Results

The role collections are mapped to the user groups.