Subscribing to SAP Asset Performance Management

Prerequisites

• You’ve purchased the license for the solution that you want to consume.
• You’ve created a subaccount in your global account.
• You’re the administrator for the subaccount.
• You've the default service plan of SAP Event Mesh entitlements in the same subaccount where SAP Asset Performance Management would be subscribed, to integrate with the SAP S/4 HANA systems. For more information, refer to Setting Up SAP Event Mesh in BTP Cockpit .

Note: For any new subscription to SAP Asset Performance Management on SAP
Business Technology Platform (BTP), you must associate the entitled
IoT provider—as specified in your SAP Asset Performance Management
license—with the BTP subaccount from which the subscription will be
initiated. We strongly recommend completing this association proactively to
ensure a smooth and successful onboarding experience, with the
correct IoT provider linked from the start. This is a one-time setup, and the SAP Asset Performance Management
Operations team will support you throughout the onboarding
process. For assistance, please reach out through your standard SAP support
channels. For more information regarding the tenant setup and licensing, refer
to SAP Note: 3523368 . You may encounter an issue during subscription if the backend system
does not have the correct association between your Tenant ID or
Global Account ID and the IoT flavor license you selected. This
indicates that the subscription is only partially completed. To resolve this, you must raise a support ticket with APM-OPS,
providing the following details: Tenant ID IoT flavor Global Account ID Once the ticket is processed and the backend association is
corrected, you should resubscribe to SAP Asset Performance
Management to complete the subscription process.

Procedure

1. Navigate to your global account in the SAP BTP cockpit.
2. Choose Entitlements > Entity Assignments in the side menu.
3. Enter either the name of your subaccount or select your subaccount in the Select Entities field.
4. Choose Configure Entitlements .
5. Choose Add Service Plans to add a service.
6. Select the service SAP Asset Performance Management in the entitlements dialog box, and then choose standard or prod as the service plan for all the services. If you've purchased a partner SKU, SAP Asset Performance Management T&D, then choose partner as the service plan for the services.

Note: that the standard plan is intended for non-productive usage.

7. Choose Add Service Plans .
8. Choose Save . The services are added to the list.
9. Navigate to Services > Service Marketplace in the side menu.
10. Expand the All Types dropdown list and select Application on the service marketplace screen. If you assign a quota in the global account for this subaccount, you can view the bought solutions as tiles. The following table shows the bought solution for the live landscape: Solution Tile for the Live Material Number Tile for the Test & Demo Material Number SAP Asset Performance Management SAP Asset Performance Management SAP Asset Performance Management T&D
11. Choose SAP Asset Performance Management tile for subscription. The overview and application plans of the solution are displayed.
12. To subscribe to the solution , click on the tile and choose Create . Once you subscribe to the solution, subscribed application is displayed in the Subscriptions section.

Note: To have control of your SAP Hana Cloud instance, you can use the Customer-Managed Keys
feature. For more information, refer to Customer-Managed Keys . To do this, choose Next and provide the Key
Id created and select Create .

13. To access the subscribed application, select Go to Application option from the menu after the successful subscription.

Note: To view the full application functions, you need to have the relevant role collections
assigned to your user. For more information, refer to Creating and Assigning Role Collections .


Solution                          Tile for the Live Material Number  Tile for the Test & Demo Material Number
--------------------------------  ---------------------------------  ----------------------------------------
SAP Asset Performance Management  SAP Asset Performance Management   SAP Asset Performance Management T&D

Results

The subaccount is subscribed to the solution or solutions.


Note: To unsubscribe the relevant solution from your subaccount, follow the preceding steps: Caution If you unsubscribe the solution, all data related to the solution will be irrevocably deleted. Unsubscribing and re-subscribing SAP Asset Performance Management will create a new subscription. Choose Services > Instances and Subscriptions in the side menu. Go the relevant subscription. Choose Actions > Delete .


Note: If you unsubscribe the solution, all data related to the solution will be irrevocably deleted. Unsubscribing and re-subscribing SAP Asset Performance Management will create a new subscription.